Tracking down differences in reference points:
THERE IS A BIG DIFFERENCE IN SIZE TRANSITION MATRICES BETWEEN GMACS AND SQ MODELS
 many more crab stay inthe same size bin--check the variance on growth increment, adjust/estimate the scale parameter
 timing of when MMB is calculated?

Keep using gmacs -phse 6 >a.1 to figure out what's going on with the REF POINTS calcs

Changed how things were mirrored: Must mirror before inside or else inside selectivity gets overwritten.

Problem is that Bzero and B35 are the same for some reason...

CHECK HOW THE LENGTH COMPS ARE BEING CALCULATED...THIS DOESN'T CONSIDER MATURITY YET.
TRY TO AGGREGATE THE MATURE AND IMMATURE--i think that's what's happening right now anyway

FIX the PLOTTING FUNCTION for size comps to deal with immature vs mature

Fix the text saying 50-55% of retained catch are discarded (should be % of total catch are discarded)

PROBLEM: CALCULATING MMB IN A WEIRD WAY. TRY DOING IT NOT BASED ON LOGISTIC, BUT BASED ON A YEARLY PROP MATURE.

How to mimick the way BSFRf?
 add 4 fleets: 2009, 2010, NMFS, BSFRF
 estimate parameter vector for BSFRF fleet selectivity
 mirror NMFS selectivity for NMFS
 DOES THAT INCLUDE Q????
 Can I mirror Q for indices?
 If not, I should put Q in 'get selectivity', instead of 'get index'
 Can keep the same Q by giving the same 'index', but a different fleet for selectivity (this is crazy)

MAKE:
 a file from survey data that has numbers at length by sex and year to make the ridgeline plots

TEMP FIX WAS TO ALLOW ONLY TRAWL SELX TO NOT BE 1 IN LARGEST BIN
FIX THIS FOR REAL LATER 

Discard mortality is applied to numbers, then scaled to biomass in Jack's code.

Something to do with the way discards and mortality/selectivity are calculated.

try to comment out the discard portion of the 'vul' in gmacs?

Trawl selectivity is forcing max to 1.
Fixed this by commenting some code out. 
Will need to make an option for selectivity that requires that.

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Perhaps the retained and total selectivity are reversed from jack's code to gmacs?

Total selectivity is the same-ish.
Retained is not.
Trawl is not.


Jacks code:
 all mortality occurs for the year
 then growth occurs
 then maturity is evaluated based on those 
 
Why woudl this ake a difference for males and not females?
 Females are subject to very little F?
 Timing of male growth can impact how many are available to the fishery?
 This would explain why a bunch are in GMACS, but not in 


rec_sdd (size at recruitment) is close, but not exact (to 3 decimal places) and I do not know why.

Is the bloop for males because of when growth occurs relative to the fishery?
Or because of when the n matrices are output?
or is it a selectivity problem?


Big changes--standarad logistic selectivity was logistic95 in most recent version of code

Index is mature first! important for natural mortality

Add in for comparison:
 immature/mature natural mortality

 change to 4darray
 estimate multiplier for immature
 add estimated parameter
 change ctl file in the 
 modify calc_natural_mortality

GOTTA FIX CATCH PREDICTIONS
Fix M and Z in project one year ahead and stock recruit and OFL and brute equil
 currently they have the maturity index hard coded to 1 for testing

Calc predicted catch (+ _out) too--search for "Z(" to find instance and make sure they are not hard coded




Add in for fitting:
 different survey q by sex

Set a .PIN file based on not_gmacs
Run one function call
Compare the N matrices

Check timing of different processes between models

fix calc size comps function so they can be split out by maturity/shell

tALK TO PEOPLE ABOUT FEMALE DISCARDS--selectivity is so much different and hard to figure out 'total' selectivity and 'female' selectivity
 I don't understand the mechanism here.
 it seems like this suggests that selectivity means 'availability' here...and there is targeting

Check to see the timing of molting maturity between the two models:
 is the probability of maturity from 2016sc based on the postmolt or premolt?

shell_force: does not have terminal molt, uses shell condition to get in mature/immmature
comp_n: trying to match output in not_gmacs_2, uses code from term_molt
not_gmacs_2: current assessment code, but using simplified assumptions (single recdevs, etc.)
term_molt: introduces terminal molt to GMACS



Errors to build in:
 nmature and nshell cannot both be 2

processes:
 recruitment (sex ratio equal, calculate initial recruitment from estimated initial N)
 recruit at size (output the proportions per bin, estimate parameters based on gmacs code)
 selectivity (get parameters in the same space)
 growth (input growth increments; might have to calculate the 
 fishing mortality (where do I input this?)
 molting probability (input)
 natural mortality 


Start thinking about steps to get assessment running:
  managment output
  how to incorporate growth (skip to linear after you show GMACS can reproduce dynamics)
  how to incorporate BSFRF data
  how to incorporate maturity data



